:book: Add documentation for network booting (#526)
kairos-io/kairos: docs/content/en/docs/Installation/netboot.md

`kernel`, `initrd` and `squashfs` artifacts of the same release on GitHub.

E.g.:

```
#!ipxe
set url https://github.com/kairos-io/kairos/releases/download/v1.3.0
set kernel kairos-alpine-opensuse-leap-v1.3.0-kernel
set initrd kairos-alpine-opensuse-leap-v1.3.0-initrd
set rootfs kairos-alpine-opensuse-leap-v1.3.0.squashfs

# Configure interface
ifconf

# set config https://example.com/machine-config
# set cmdline extra.values=1
kernel ${url}/${kernel} initrd=${initrd} rd.neednet=1 ip=dhcp rd.cos.disable root=live:${url}/${rootfs} netboot nodepair.enable config_url=${config} console=tty1 console=ttyS0 ${cmdline}
initrd ${url}/${initrd}
boot
```

Booting the ISO will automatically download and boot those artifacts. E.g. using qemu:

```
#!/bin/bash

qemu-img create -f qcow2 disk.img 40g
qemu-system-x86_64 \
    -m 4096 \
    -smp cores=2 \
    -nographic \
    -drive if=virtio,media=disk,file=disk.img \
    -drive if=ide,media=cdrom,file=${1:-kairos.iso}

```

## Notes on booting from network

Another way to boot with the release artifacts is using [pixiecore](https://github.com/danderson/netboot/tree/master/pixiecore).

> Using a ipxe script [like the one in that project](https://github.com/danderson/netboot/blob/master/pixiecore/boot.ipxe), it is possible to use DHCP to boot to any version (unlike the hardcoded ISOs in the previous section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your machine doesn't support netbooting, you can use our [generic image](https://github.com/kairos-io/ipxe-dhcp/releases) which is built using a ipxe script [like the one in that project](https://github.com/danderson/netboot/blob/master/pixiecore/boot.ipxe). The ISO will just sit and wait for booting from Network, while pixiecore will take over.
```

Reviewer: maybe we should just move this block below when we mention the iso?

For example:

- Start pixiecore server:

```sh
#!/bin/sh

sudo docker run  \

>   --net=host \

Reviewer: indentation looks a bit weird here

  -v $PWD/artifacts:/files \
  quay.io/pixiecore/pixiecore \
  boot /files/kairos-core-alpine-ubuntu-kernel \
  /files/kairos-core-alpine-ubuntu-initrd \

>   --cmdline='rd.neednet=1 ip=dhcp rd.cos.disable root=live:{{ ID "/files/kairos-core-alpine-ubuntu.squashfs" }} netboot nodepair.enable config_url={{ ID "/files/config.yaml" }} console=tty1 console=ttyS0 console=tty0'

Reviewer: do we have some output logs of this being hit by a node?

```

> This will start the pixiecore server. Any machine that depends on DHCP to netboot will be send the specified files and the cmd boot line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will start the pixiecore server. Any machine that attempts to netboot will be send the specified files and the cmd boot line.
```

Maybe we can talk about our generic ISO here instead?
